[Clang] Document some of the implementation-defined keywords (#84591)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/LanguageExtensions.rst

``__datasizeof`` behaves like ``sizeof``, except that it returns the size of the
type ignoring tail padding.

_BitInt, _ExtInt
----------------

Clang supports the C23 ``_BitInt(N)`` feature as an extension in older C modes
and in C++. This type was previously implemented in Clang with the same
semantics, but spelled ``_ExtInt(N)``. This spelling has been deprecated in
favor of the standard type.

Note: the ABI for ``_BitInt(N)`` is still in the process of being stabilized,
so this type should not yet be used in interfaces that require ABI stability.

C keywords supported in all language modes
------------------------------------------

Clang supports ``_Alignas``, ``_Alignof``, ``_Atomic``, ``_Complex``,
``_Generic``, ``_Imaginary``, ``_Noreturn``, ``_Static_assert``,
``_Thread_local``, ``_Float16``, ``_Decimal32``, ``_Decimal64`` and

> ``_Decimal128`` in all language modes with the C semantics.

Reviewer: The `_Decimal` variants are not supported yet: https://godbolt.org/z/noMe3KndK

__alignof, __alignof__
----------------------

``__alignof`` and ``__alignof__`` return, in contrast to ``_Alignof`` and
``alignof``, the preferred alignment of a type. This may be larger than the
required alignment for improved performance.

__extension__
-------------

> ``__extension__`` suppressed extension diagnostics in the statement it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``__extension__`` suppresses extension diagnostics in the statement it is
```

prepended to.

__auto_type
-----------

> ``__auto_type`` behaves the same as C++11s ``auto`` but is available in all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``__auto_type`` behaves the same as ``auto`` in C++11 and C23 but is available in all
```

language modes.

__imag, __imag__
----------------

``__imag`` and ``__imag__`` can be used to get the imaginary part of a complex
value.

__real, __real__
----------------

``__real`` and ``__real__`` can be used to get the real part of a complex value.

__asm, __asm__
--------------

``__asm`` and ``__asm__`` are alternate spellings for ``asm``, but available in
all language modes.

__complex, __complex__
----------------------

``__complex`` and ``__complex__`` are alternate spellings for ``_Complex``.

__const, __const__
------------------

> ``__const`` and ``__const__`` are alternate spellings for ``const``.

Reviewer: It might make sense to document all the cvr qualifiers together in one section?

__decltype
----------

``__decltype`` is an alternate spelling for ``decltype``, but is also available
in C++ modes before C++11.

__inline, __inline__
--------------------

``__inline`` and ``__inline__`` are alternate spellings for ``inline``, but are
available in all language modes.

__nullptr
---------

``__nullptr`` is an alternate spelling for ``nullptr``, but is also available in

> C++ modes before C++11.

Reviewer: Should note that this is currently only available in C++ modes, not C modes, despite C23 adding support for `nullptr`. I think this may be an oversight in C; perhaps worth filing a `good first issue` for it.

Author: Created #121503.

> __restrict, __restrict__

Reviewer: Stick this with `const`?

------------------------

``__restrict`` and ``__restrict__`` are alternate spellings for ``restrict``,
but are available in all language modes.

> __signed, __signed__

Reviewer: Should probably mention that we do not support `__unsigned__`, which certainly surprised me (neither does GCC)

--------------------

``__signed`` and ``__signed__`` are alternate spellings for ``signed``.

__typeof, __typeof__
--------------------

> ``__typeof`` and ``__typeof__`` are alternate spellings for ``typeof``, but are

Reviewer: Should mention `typeof` in C23 and that all three of these get you the type information with qualifiers still attached.

Author: I don't really know much about `typeof`, so I'm not sure what you're asking here.

Reviewer: I was thinking something along these lines:

``__typeof`` and ``__typeof__`` are alternate spellings for the C23 ``typeof`` type specifier, but are available in all language modes. These spellings result in the type of the operand, retaining all qualifiers.

``__typeof_unqual`` and ``__typeof_unqual__`` are alternate spellings for the C23 ``typeof_unqual`` type specifier, but are available in all language modes. These spellings result in the type of the operand, stripping all qualifiers.

available in all langauge modes.

> __volatile, __volatile__

Reviewer: Stick this with `const`?

------------------------

``__volatile`` and ``__volatile__`` are alternate spellings for ``volatile``.

__char16_t, __char32_t
----------------------

> ``__char16_t`` and ``__char32_t`` are alternate spellings for ``char16_t`` and

Reviewer: Should mention that these are C++-only and that `__char8_t` is not supported (I wonder why that is?)
